com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/TaskDbHelper.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.TaskDbHelper
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/ActivityAllFilesListBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.ActivityAllFilesListBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/database/MediaDatabase_Impl.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.database.MediaDatabase_Impl
 com.one4ll.xplayer.database.MediaDatabase_Impl$1
com/one4ll/xplayer/interfaces/FavoritesDao_Impl.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$1
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$2
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$3
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$4
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$5
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$6
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.FavoritesDao_Impl$7
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/FragmentVideoBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.FragmentVideoBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/FragmentMusicBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.FragmentMusicBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/ActivityFullImageBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.ActivityFullImageBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/ActivityGalleryViewBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.ActivityGalleryViewBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/VideoListBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.VideoListBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/MyContentProvider.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.MyContentProvider
com/one4ll/xplayer/TaskContract.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.TaskContract
 com.one4ll.xplayer.TaskContract$TaskEntry
com/one4ll/xplayer/BuildConfig.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.BuildConfig
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/CustomControllerBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.CustomControllerBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/StreamsListBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.StreamsListBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/ActivityDownloadBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.ActivityDownloadBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/FileListInGridBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.FileListInGridBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/interfaces/ImageDao_Impl.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.ImageDao_Impl
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.ImageDao_Impl$1
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.ImageDao_Impl$2
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.ImageDao_Impl$3
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/interfaces/MusicDao_Impl.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.MusicDao_Impl
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.MusicDao_Impl$1
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.MusicDao_Impl$2
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.MusicDao_Impl$3
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/LayoutExoplayerControlViewsBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.LayoutExoplayerControlViewsBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/interfaces/StreamsDao_Impl.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$1
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$10
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$11
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$12
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$2
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$3
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$4
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$5
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$6
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$7
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$8
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.StreamsDao_Impl$9
com/one4ll/xplayer/databinding/FragmentStreamBinding.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.databinding.FragmentStreamBinding
com/one4ll/xplayer/interfaces/VideoDao_Impl.java
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.VideoDao_Impl
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.VideoDao_Impl$1
 com.one4ll.xplayer.interfaces.VideoDao_Impl$2
